[[0. Backstory]]

10 - 20 mins

Players start individually in their rooms aboard the [[Transport Liner]] Misty Marvel
They describe their characters appearances (But not their backstory)

In the upper decks, an atmosphere of rumors and murmurings quickly turn to panicked stampede towards the escape pods. You begin to hear shouts that none of the escape pods are launching!
Notice check for this)
 
Thinking fast, you slip down a garbage chute towards the lower decks. You climb out of the rotting trash pile into the engineering deck,  surprised to find all is calm. You start beelining towards the utility shuttles, intent on getting of this ship before it burns up. 

Around this time, alarms begin to sound. The lower decks also erupt into chaos. With no escape pods, everyone rushes to the surface transports, knowing that there is not enough room for everyone.
As you are rushing down the halls, you hear a scream coming from a nearby trash chute! After jumping into a greasy trash chute, you can hear other passengers get a clue what you are up to, peaking into the chute behind you. Climbing out the the trash, you see (the captain / a grimy but well dressed person), hurrying off down the halls.

Pipes begin bursting around them as they follow signs for the cargo hold, looking to commandeer one of the more utility oriented atmospheric craft onboard this transport liner.

The captain is making ready to leave as they arrive, looking wild eyed as he punches a command into a terminal outside a cargo ship, and then runs up the ramp. You see the ramp slowly start to lift behind him as the engines flare on.
(High notice checks can see him use a master override to allow takeoff)

They can try to get in the shuttle or find another.
(Be fast enough to hop on, charm the captain to get on, beat up the captain.)

The [[Lunar Captain]] defends a large box that he has filled much of the escape pod with.

[[Captain Fight]]

# End

They eject with or without the captain, and watch the ship begin to glow red as they whip past the horizon. Strangely, no other escape pods or shuttles break apart. 

It takes the better part of a day to aerobrake around Mars, but you can do it. The transport liner wasn't so capable, and is burnt up and turned to Mars dust before you even make your next orbit.

[[2. Camps]]
